[EDU-4110] cli global commands (#757)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/cli/azion-cli/commands/globals/globals.mdx

---
title: Azion CLI global options

> description: Azion CLI commands that can be run anywhere in the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Azion CLI commands that can be run anytime in the process.
```

Reviewer: Pensei em deixar mais específico

meta_tags: cli, edge, globals, development
namespace: documentation_cli_globals
menu_namespace: cliMenuAlpha
permalink: /documentation/devtools/cli/globals/
---

> Azion CLI commands that can be run anywhere in the process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azion CLI commands that can be run anytime during the process.
```

---

## version 

```sh 
azion --version
```

> The `-v` or `--version` option informs which Azion version you've currently installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-v` or `--version` option informs which Azion version is currently installed.
```

## debug 

```sh 
azion --debug
```

The `-d` or `--debug` option displays logs at a debug level.

## config 

```sh 
azion --config
```

The `-c` or `--config` option sets the Azion configuration folder for the current command only, without changing persistent settings.

## log-level 

```sh 
azion --log-level info
```

> The `-l` or `--log-level` option informs the level of log to be output. The options are: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-l` or `--log-level` option informs the level of the output logs. The options are: 
```

- `info` (default)
- `error` 
- `debug`

## silent 

```sh 
azion --silent
```

> The `-s` or `--silent` option silences logs completely. Usually, it's used for automation purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-s` or `--silent` option silences logs completely. It's often used for automation purposes.
```
